Add changelog entry for 0.57.1 (#3190)
mesosphere/dcos-commons: changelog.md

## Changes to v0.5x.y

## Changes to v0.57.1

> - [#3184](https://github.com/mesosphere/dcos-commons/pull/3184) : Fix a bug where SDK was parsing empty fields in `env` field of Task definition in service yaml as `null` instead of blank strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3184](https://github.com/mesosphere/dcos-commons/pull/3184) : Fixed a bug where SDK was parsing empty fields in the `env` field of Task definition in service yaml as `null` instead of empty strings.
```
